I had a whole intro planned, but I'll
just say this. Sometimes the game just
deals you a good hand. You say thank you
and you take your free win. Oh, and also
dual wield is great, but I want to try
and stack some range. I got some good
stuff. Do you want spell? Actually, I
guarantee it. No,
>> no, it's not good. It's not on me. Omni
hater hat.
>> I'm not a hater. I just I just really
like not losing, you know. That's it.
>> Okay, that guy's got super range.
>> Oh, what the Oh, what the heck?
>> Chopped me from like a mile away.
The good news is I'm actually pretty
strong. I got some AP earlier.
>> For some of the gate like a [__] Just
kidding. I'm not in the gate like a
>> I bring the bomb.
>> I'll die for this. Okay. I'll die for
this. It's fine.
>> Yeah. Take me. Take me.
>> No need to die, bro.
>> Don't need to die.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow. Okay. All right.
>> I mean, we can kind of guarantee a gold
here, right? can go for scoped weapons,
but I actually just want prismatic. I
want all the prismatics for sure. I
actually hit from so far.
Yeah, it doesn't feel like melee. Yo,
there ravens above. Okay, top right. I
can tank this guy for a while. All
right, I'm good.
>> Okay.
>> Oh, I pillared him. I'll be on the
bottom spawn. H middle spawn. Middle
spawn.
>> No,
I'm flashing for it. Yeah, I'm good.
>> I'm gating again. I'm out of here.
>> Okay. Okay, we got nine.
We're doing good. Oh, wow. We got 10
actually.
>> Yeah, I'm going to
>> Nice.
>> Do your best.
>> This Darius is tanky, but I'm working.
>> Sorry. I gave him a heal. Oops.
>> He can die. He can die. I mean, so will
I, but whatever. I think you win there.
Ship win. Please. Please.
Uh, I guess you have plants. You can
auto plant while you're doing this [__]
Beast.
That's one. Okay, that's one. We'll take
it, bro. We'll take it. Yeah,
>> I'll take the one. I'll take the one.
>> Give me the rune carver, man.
>> Oh, lord.
>> Oh,
>> I have gam foam. Okay, I'm good. Uh,
let's see. Knowing that you're going to
go for dragon heart. I feel like it's
best to honestly just go for the DKC for
stats, but gamblers was an option. I
just think it's tough, you know?
>> Yeah, I agree. I agree. You need to cash
out.
>> It's like you have to auto attack and
like when are you going to be doing
that? for the most part. You just might
be able to control. All right. Here we
go. I've got range. You can take it.
I'll you.
Okay. Well, you have me, right?
Actually, I'm going to just eat.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm play for Ravens. Yeah, I've got him.
Uh, I should be able to fight him in a
sec.
I'm grabbing this [__] though.
>> Yo, you got me, right? Oh my god.
>> The true last moment. That's crazy.
>> My guy was playing with my life. you bro
>> to you. Okay. Okay, we're good.
>> I have Liz here. I can hit. Even if she
comes in, I think I kill. Oh, okay.
Okay. Okay.
>> Holy [__] Oh, no. There's funny.
What the
>> I've got him. We're We're honestly good.
We have them all. Pretty much have them
all. Oh, he's going to bump me in. Ah,
nice try.
All right. I'm okay. I'm okay. I
>> Hey, nice.
>> Nice. Don't give him one. Slow into the
>> pig.
>> Let's go.
>> I think I'm good for now. I'm at 675
range. You give me my level 16 soon,
right? Or like at least you give me an
extra level. So,
>> yeah, I can shoot sooner. Yeah.
>> 625. Yeah, that's going to be pretty
good. Good news is he has to spam like
autos. He W here, by the way. Oh, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
I think I'm good. I can tank him for a
bit.
Okay. I think I can't really tank him.
Never mind. Never mind. Get the ravens
in peace or what? Yo, up top. Up top.
>> Oh. Uh, okay. Okay. I I can go get him.
Actually, they didn't give a [__] They
actually didn't give a [__] I'm good.
I'm going to secure him and I can go.
I've got you. I've got you. I have in
case.
Okay.
>> Don't really need to. Ah, dude. Yo, this
guy needs to die is the problem. It's
the Victor. I'm going to just flash him.
>> Oh, the gate or something. I'm getting
I'm getting uh getting things.
>> Okay. Oh, I'm dead. Sorry. Lowkey messed
up. Oh, you're good though. You have top
side plant. My res is good. Just make
sure attack champions only. Okay. Don't
don't get out.
It would be really funny if you did. It
would have been so funny.
>> No. No. I'm holding the button. I'm
holding that [__] down.
>> Yeah.
>> You can make it a toggle.
>> Oh, true.
>> Let me pick that up. Bring it to him.
This guy beat us. This guy beats us.
>> No, I have res. I have res.
>> You have breast. Yo. Yo, you're the king
of holding that [__] I got to say like
>> I got you, bro. I got you, bro. No, I
know. I know. I knew. I saw them. You
can reach
>> Okay. Yeah, I see it.
[__] balls in my throat. Like, yo,
you got me, right? Yo, you got me,
right?
Like, yeah, I got you. [__] waits for
like the thing to approach my face,
dude.
>> Oh, man.
>> Actually, Kakashi, dude.
>> It's literally Kakashi.
>> I got you, bro.
>> [__] with a nail, you know, like
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Is it a woo glitz or what, dude?
>> I think it is, bro. I think it is.
>> Yeah. So, I I pretty much won the game,
by the way, cuz this is like disgusting.
I I lost dual wield, but I think if I go
like fan the hammer and that kind of
[__] it'll be pretty nuts, I got to
say.
>> Oh, especially when I stack on this guy,
bro. Look at this [__]
>> Oh, yeah. Look at him, bro. Stack right
away.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Stack a Zack. And then he E
over and just dodge. Okay.
Oh, we don't have the Raven.
Oh, no, he doesn't. No, he's eating
over. Oh, good luck. Oh, sorry. I gave
him that. Give him that. I'm okay
though.
>> I'm okay.
>> Oh, we're losing Ravens. Are you good?
Okay, I'm
>> fighting for them, bro.
>> I'm coming. I ali on you in case. I
think I should kill this guy.
>> I multi on you. Stand your ground.
Oo. Oo. No, I'm kind of I'm kind of
juicy now, dude. Also, what was that
movement bug? Weird.
>> I don't I don't even know.
>> Yeah, you saw that, right? Like it was a
little bit off.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. I got all this [__]
I'm at 573 right now. I'm kind of
strong. A little bit strong.
>> No, I'm crushing. I'm crushing.
>> Yeah.
>> Let's go, dude.
>> We're such a scalar comp. It's insane.
Like actually disgusting. They like
you're just [__] running. You're
chilling. And
>> no, I got like the most disgusting
dragons for Zillian, too, bro. This is
so good.
>> I was going to say I was actually going
to say, dude, ocean soul early is pretty
nice and like you slap him with hex tech
to slow or some [__] and Yeah. B. All
right. All
right, I finished my thing,
>> dude. Dude, I mean, ah, it's too easy,
right? It's too easy. I look, I got hex
bolt. I got Twilights. It's a little bit
easy. You know what? I'm going to make
sure I win. Yeah. Yeah, you're right.
[__] a Zillian Scarnner, dude. [__]
[__] tank teams. Just get this.
>> Got Doomsayer, bro. Hell no.
>> I'm chilling. I'm chilling. This team
has done nothing but lose, bro. That was
bad. Are they AFK?
>> I Oh, I think it was AFK. Yeah.
>> Ah, okay. No, that's so uh so lame.
Yeah, let's chill and just get some
ravens. It's okay. Power of editing wins
this.
>> Yeah,
>> like a like an advanced fire. No, we got
it. We're right.
>> Oh, you killed it right as the other
three spawns.
>> Killed it. It's crazy.
>> Yeah, it didn't even say the guy left
the game. The guy was like he just like
stood up like he didn't alt F4 or
anything.
>> If you reach out earlier, it's like he's
not reporting AFK. I mean, his name is
like cooked enough that I would presume
that like dude's just tilted, but
>> Oh, his name is cooked enough. It's a
crazy com.
>> What's his name?
>> His name's Coke. It's It's come,
maggots.
>> What the Okay. I don't know why I asked.
Like, I should have just trusted you,
bro.
>> Bro.
>> Yeah.
>> How could you just say that so
confidently, you know? I just
>> I just read it.
>> Okay, I guess so.
>> Yeah. Game gets a little too easy when
I'm like this. Look at this. So fast. I
actually look really cool, too.
I've got the scar here for the most
part.
>> It's okay. Better uh Z wins.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> I'm actually still knocking the sky,
dude.
>> Yeah, I'm kind of dying actually.
>> Oh,
>> I'm actually kind of dying.
>> Can you
>> I'm going to flash.
>> I just did it just in case. Sorry.
That's not me. No, no.
>> Getting my ass cooked, bro. Ah, they
zillioned it, dude. They Marioed it.
You got me, right? You got me. Okay.
>> No, I don't have to go down. No, I don't
actually. I actually got you.
>> Okay. Okay. I I got top side here.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I have all my [__]
>> God, what an easier target. I should
have just been going for him, bro. [__]
Stop the [__] out of that guy, too.
>> I was just having the only one with the
zillion and winning, bro.
>> True.
>> I I keep stunning him. I dodge his. He
can't stun me.
>> True, true, true, true.
>> He's stuck in a corner against the wall,
bro.
Back in the day when we would, you know,
we would have the boys over with the
Halo and [__] you know, you got the
little ball divider and it's like, yo,
same load out so they can't [__]
[__] about anything, right? Plasma
pistol in the DMR or whatever.
>> If one of your buddies is like taller,
he's just like, you see his head over
the barrier like looking at your screen.
>> The [__] No. No. Who cheats like that?
Who cheats like that? We're all like,
you know, 3 foot2 or some [__] as kids,
you know?
>> No. No. If everyone cheated, bro, what
are you saying?
>> I dig I don't know what kind of friends
you had.
>> Fourman co-ops.
They're literally going to be like, "Yo,
you're a [__] cheater. Stop." You
know what I mean? Like, "No, no, you
don't cheat at shit."
>> I I just said, "No, no, I'm not. No, I'm
not." "No, you suck."
>> Nah, dude. What kind of stupid ass
friends you got? Also, I got tapped in.
Holy [__]
>> I was a stupid friend, bro.
>> Oh, you were that guy. Okay. You're
saying you were that guy. Gotcha.
Gotcha.
>> I I was that guy and all my friends were
that guy and my brother was that guy,
bro.
>> And just no one cared. Like, okay. Also,
>> we all did. We We all complained to
this.
>> True. True. Yo, is it a Is it transmute
into nothing or what? This trans you
trans you into
>> Oh, dude.
This is so good.
>> Actually, it's not that bad. Yeah, I
mean, I already know you slow by 99%,
but you know, just to add insult hex
hexag also slows guaranteed.
>> You know what's crazy? Aling me gives
you two second invol you can use as
eyeframe, which is kind of funny.
>> That's insane.
>> I mean, it's dumb, but can't believe you
can get that.
Oh, dude. Dude, I actually kind of own I
have turbo chem tank. I'm fine. Oh, he's
right here. He's right here.
>> Okay.
>> [__] dude. I already knew he was doing
that, but I just didn't ult in time.
Yeah, I'm crushing, dude. I'm crushing.
Holy [__] It's not really fair. Can you
wait like a Oh, never mind. It's all
good.
>> I mean, I can't control the bombs.
>> Uh, I hope they spawn every now and
then. Like, they spawn even if Oh,
perfect. Perfect. They were spawning or
they are. So, look at this. Right.
>> I'm back with these guys.
>> I can't take damage. I can't be CCd. And
just in case someone messes up, we got
the best alter in the game, bro.
>> Can't tell if you're delayed or you're
just that much of a beast, bro.
>> I still can't, dude.
>> I'm abused.
>> The first time I actually didn't see you
dying there. I'm like, "Oh [__] I hit
>> you."
The echo was calculated. That was
calced.
>> Okay,
>> that I checked. He had the options.
>> I'm down for that. Either way, it was
beastly, you know. Problem with this
Darius is he built like full tank and
like he's just a meat stick for me. Can
I get some speed?
Thank you.
>> Look at that slow, dude.
[__] dude. He took the took the ravens.
Like I can't kill them, but Oh my god.
Holy sh Okay. Oh, I got to dodge.
No, dude. He took some of our ravens.
[__] We have to keep him alive a little
bit. Tiny little bit. Okay. Just because
we can't guarantee the others.
>> I can only slow him then.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Just low him.
>> Okay. Just slap him on the head.
>> We're just killing him. Oh, never mind.
He's hitting me.
>> Yep. Okay. Okay. Okay. We're good. We're
good. We have to get nine on the next
one. But I think it's doable. Kill has a
god build. True.
>> True, dude. No, actually the [__] god
build minus dual wield. Like,
>> dude, if I got dual wield, it actually
would have been better
>> now that I think about it. Like, yeah.
Like it's super hindsight. Like I didn't
expect to get master duality and all
this [__] right?
>> Double tap duality, double tap dancer.
Like what? And run Carver coming.
>> Just kidding. I got Dark Ste though.
>> Yeah, I'm I'm down to get run Carver in
the end. I'm so [__] fast. Look at
this.
>> Jesus. Yo, let's go faster, bro.
>> I go I go at 2,000. What? What the [__]
dude?
>> If you die, you're just
>> No. No. Seriously. Seriously. How can
you not kite with this, right? Yeah. I'm
pretty sure if the Maokai WS me, I can
outrun him and I can just keep him.
>> Oh, wow. Yeah. And you could you could
outrun the gate. I'll run the gate. I'll
rent the gate.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, dude. I got to
do that. I got to do that.
>> He'll get dumped in like the middle of
the map.
>> We should We should kill the Landre and
then I'll just uh take the Maokai for a
ride or what?
>> Okay. Yeah,
>> I'm down for it, dude. I'm actually so
down. Let's do it.
Okay,
I'm good. I blocked.
I'm okay.
Let me get this. I get the ravens.
Okay. Got to kill this guy.
I want to try to not kill the Maai too
much.
Okay, good. Uh I'm going to secure
these. We need We need four more. Okay.
Uh I guess you need to get one. Wait,
don't tell me. Did we miss by one? I'm
so sad if we did.
>> Oh no, we didn't. We didn't. Okay,
>> let me grab Let me grab this.
>> Um, I didn't have the flash for that,
but let's screw it.
>> Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's see if he W's.
Wow. What the [__] My HP.
>> Did that or I think did that or no?
>> No. No. He or in the wall.
>> Can he W? Can you Yeah. Once he W's,
just
>> Can he W me, please.
Hello, bro.
Bro. Ah, whatever. Whatever, man.
Whatever. This guy.
>> Okay. Menche. Damn. We can do it next.
That's fine. Oh wow. Actually, I can get
spellwake, which looks really, really
cool.
>> Shine. I'm going to roll one. So, you
can roll it.
>> I'll go. Nah, I don't need to sp I got
spellwake. It's actually a really cool
interaction.
>> I'm also I'm also going to sell the
Turbo Kim tank. I know it's good, but I
want to roll. I want to keep my speed.
Anything with movement speed I got to
keep.
>> Yo, were they doing They're both anvil,
right? I think they hit cuz they both
have items now. Got
>> guil forest. Sure. I'll just I'll just
do more movement speed. Okay. Like legit
demon king is I have 4,000. I also went
to Oopsie. Well, I guess have this.
>> Wait, are these guys?
>> Oh [__] Actually, they're double
jeweled.
>> I'm almost max H though. So like you
can't lose this tree lead.
>> Wait, there's no way with my ultimate,
right,
>> dude. Look at that [__]
Look at that [__] Oh my god.
Okay. Nah. Nah. I'm too I'm stacking all
the movement speeds. I got foam. I got
like
>> Yeah, they can't really
>> can't really do anything. I mean, even
rune coverver has a speed. So, people
don't know this, but Fination is one of
the highest stat sticks in the game.
Like 15% movement speed is disgusting.
And like movement speed is the best stat
in arena for sure. You do your [__]
earlier, you can get away from their
[__] right? That kind of stuff. I I
scale my attack speed off tap dancer
too, right? Like the movement speed. So
if you ever speed me, I just get like a
huge burst of it. Pretty sick.
>> Yeah, you just go.
>> I'm going to go super.
>> I should be okay if I just buffer my
ultimate into Landre ulti and [__] So
not the biggest of deals. Let's see.
Nice. Good.
Like the Maokai Landre actually do have
a really good combo, right? If you think
about it,
>> pretty much guaranteed against most
players. thing is I had turbo I had
ulti. So
yeah, he roots him. Chills. Ma's just
waiting to W orbital right here. Even
though the echo thing did the thing.
Here we go. Put orbital here.
>> Good. Good. Very good.
>> Okay.
Nice.
>> Oh man.
>> Wait. Flashes over.
>> Victor was flushy glass. Bro.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He has room cover man.
Okay. Perfect. I I got I actually got it
in the end. Low key, I keep my
berserkers. No, I I sell for I sell for
runons.
>> I have Twin Mask if you can get
>> I already rolled past Twin Mask. Sorry.
>> Oh, okay. No worries. I'll give you this
at least or I'll take this rather.
>> N this is fun.
>> Actually,
every single one movement speed. Even
runons gives movement speed in the end.
4%. And it taps the fulmination twice.
So,
>> okay.
>> Okay. I got you. Uh I got this, bro.
I'm pretty sure spell wake applies on
every single auto, right? Or like it
should. That was like the theory because
my passive is a what's it called? An
ability. But we'll see. Here, I'm going
to speed. Let's go.
>> Go, go, go.
>> I They might just rip ulti from here.
I'll be ready.
>> Hey, I spell shield.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've got
hella spell wigs.
I can outrun this.
Okay. Kill this guy. Yo, dude.
>> Mind mashing honey, bro.
>> You can't move the anime. I'll tank it.
Sorry, buddy. Yeah, it's kind of a god
build. It's actually just straight up.
Let me go grab this one now.
>> I can literally just face on my
keyboard. This is not okay, bro.
>> Yep. Yes, you can. I wish um I wish we
got tanky targets, man. It would have
been good. It actually would have been
really good. That way we can, you know,
hit a little bit cuz like I would stack
I mean I stacked 7.3k right here. Like
this is disgusting. Genuinely way too
strong of a combo. I mean Zillian's
already really good. Zillian plus anyone
very good, right? But someone that needs
that level, you get level 16 one round
earlier and you just like [__] on
people. Like dude, it's kind of nuts.
>> Oh man.
Oh. Oh my god. Okay. Okay.
Gotcha. Gotcha. I'm out of here. I'm out
of here. Yo, I understand. I'm a little
bit mortal.
I have to I have to dodge that ultimate
if he goes for it.
>> Oh,
okay. Oh. Oh, I got him. I got him.
>> I have the ocean soul bait, too.
>> I have the IV. Watch. Watch.
>> Oh, what?
>> No, I have this, too.
>> Hello.
He's just toying around a little bit.
>> Oh, poor guy. Poor guy.
>> I mean, dude, that's so fun. Rune
carpet's actually kind of broken, too,
on uh Uh,
it was kind of bullying at this point.
I've got you. I've got you.
All right, I'll I'll finish it. I'll
finish it. It's so much. That's way too
[__] fast, bro. Um, so like 25k in
two rounds, dude. If I had room cover
early, dude, cuz every auto, right?
Every auto counts as like the spell
thing. So I get like the 30 back and you
just keep carving. Keep carving.
>> Hey, Jingle Jingle, stay tuned. I got
some really good clips and you know as
per usual they don't make their own
videos so I put them over here and he
like kills [__]
>> I thought it was like some crazy dark
dude. I don't know.
>> He's supposed to be like nice right but
I thought it was like
>> he was nice but he usually dark. He's
like it was like a propeller type of
thing. Oh I'm [__] dead.
>> That's what I'm saying. Right. Yeah.
Yeah. You're [__] dead.
You're [__] dead.
>> Oh half I guess and [__]
>> Wait. I keep thinking I have my my E has
like a different ability.
>> Oh my god.
Oh my god.
>> Is she sacking?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I can't even I can't even
move, dude. This is [__]
>> Yeah. No,
>> I got the root. I got the route.
I'm trying to hit. I'm doing no damage.
Okay. Yeah. No. No. No. We're not strong
enough for that right now. Nope. Never
mind.
>> All right. True. I was just a side
lally.
Okay. I'm slapping.
Nice.
>> I got him. I'm good.
Wait, hit him. What the with my daisy?
What the [__] Yo, you probably need to
run.
Think you eventually get back to me
here.
>> That guy's kind of killable.
>> Oh,
>> I'm just Wait, wait, just just get to
me.
>> Ah, true.
>> No,
>> like Mark's mage. I've got I got my
[__] all my fellows, dude.
>> We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. almost
just play a little bit safer. He aled he
aled. He aled Yeah. Yeah. Yo, go. Go
Mel. Go Mel. I'm going to gate and go to
the Mel, maybe.
>> Uh,
>> yeah.
Okay. I'm I'm I'm going to h in front.
I'm hitting front.
>> I'm killing the Guin. I'm killing the
Guin. I'm killing him.
>> Okay. Got him.
>> There we go.
>> Exact. Bro, get him.
>> Go get him, bro.
>> I'm trying. I'm trying. my daisy.
>> I messed up.
>> What What is my daisy doing, bro? Just
Just block the rest. Just block the
rest. That's it.
>> Yeah, I'm waiting.
>> You're right here with me.
>> Okay. Okay. Holy [__] I actually do a
lot of damage. We're good.
>> [__]
>> Holy [__] Let's go. Let's do it. I can
actually take out the Tomkench, too. No,
I'm going to go Rise. I'm hitting Rice.
I'll just
>> He's [__] CC to hell, bro.
>> If they want to do the stand still auto
battle, I'm down.
[Applause]
Okay, good, good, good, good.
>> Holy,
>> holy [__] Wait, do did they have
minion, too?
>> Holy so big.
>> I don't even know.
>> Okay, whatever.
>> All right, I think I just stand my
ground and I fight. Not even kidding.
>> I hit that.
>> Yo, they're they're fighting my guy.
>> She [__] up, bro.
>> I'm good. Dodge first combo.
Go Fiora or go either.
>> Mhm. I'm just hitting
>> block. Oh, [__]
>> I'm just autoing. No, I got him. I got
him. I got him.
>> Nice. Nice. Nice.
>> You're good. You're good.
You're good. Block. Okay.
>> Someone [__] you over.
>> Got him. Got him. Got him. Dude, what a
cheesy ass win, bro. What the [__]
>> man? I'm going to Dragon Heart payoff. I
was sitting on the Ivvern game for so
long, dude. Even when I got Mini Maner
and Reality Fracture and like, you know,
on hits and stuff, dude. D is just so
stupid for some reason. Like, I I don't
know. I I guess I just don't know how to
play it. Anyways, I hope you enjoyed the
uh kill game, you know, with the four
prismatics. Subscribe more content, blah
blah blah. Thanks for watching.